We invited six human experts to create gold-standard summaries for 100 randomly-selected entity descriptions in the English version of DBpedia 3.7. The original entity descriptions were extracted from Ontology Infobox Types, Ontology Infobox Properties, Titles, Geographic Coordinates, Homepages, Persondata, and PND.

REF-E: Five experts were asked to behave as an editor of an encyclopedia on the Web. For each test case, each of these experts selected a subset of features that were considered the most suitable for constituting a characteristic summary to be read by human users who browsed the encyclopedia and casually navigated to this entity, subject to an 140-character limit. We chose this length constraint because it was close to the (estimated) capacity of a typical Google's search result snippet, which was similar to the contexts where an entity summary would be presented. The resulting gold-standard entity summaries were called REF-E.

REF-W: DBpedia's Extended Abstracts data set provided the abstract of each Wikipedia page (usually its first section), which came from Wikipedians' collective intelligence and thus became a high-quality gold-standard textual summary of the corresponding entity description. To transform such a textual summary into a set of features as a gold-standard entity summary, one expert was asked to examine the entity description in each test case and identify the features that were mentioned in the corresponding textual abstract, which constitute a gold-standard summary called REF-W.

Further, each expert was encouraged to create multiple gold-standard entity summaries for a test case whenever possible. This was particularly useful when there were similar features such as full name and a combination of given name and surname.

All the gold-standard summaries are available in 'Gold-Standard Summaries.zip'.

We identified the selected entities by integers from 0 to 99 and stored this mapping into a file "id2uri.txt". Summaries of each entity are organized in folders named by the entity ID. In each folder, "original_description.ttl" contains the description of the entity; "summary_REF-E-x_y.ttl" contains the y-th summary created by the expert whose ID is x; "summary_REF-W_y.ttl" contains the y-th summary of the REF-W gold standard.
